# DUDE PEN
Name    | Description
--------|------------
Direct  | Refine your language and writing in order to increase the clarity of your report, be precise but plain in your words and sentences. Aim to achieve that your report is understood by (at least) the ones who will be involved in dealing with it and by as many people as possible amongst those engaged in the project. 
Unique  | Make sure that this bug you are about to report in not already listed in the database and if it is, stop for a minute and think whether it is really necessary to open it again or whether reopening or editing the old might be enough. 
Documented  | Do you have examples or a set of steps to reproduce it? Add them clearly! Do you have screenshots? logs data? related issues? add them too! is this bug related to a specific document or claim  Link it! don't let any missing resource diminish the power of your bug report as a communication moment. 
Entire  | Don’t be lazy when logging bugs! Make your reports as exhaustive as possible, completeness in reporting will increase the likelihood that your bug will be understood and fixed more promptly. 
Prioritised     | Ah, the art of prioritising bugs… To set a priority correctly, first you have to understand the scale available, especially the lowest and highest levels; then, you have to make sure everyone in the loop has the same understanding. Once everybody is on the same page, prioritising should get easier. Just apply the rules case by case and, where there’s doubt, remember that you can ask for help anytime, even when writing a bug report. 
Easy to find    | The bugs that are addressed immediately are most likely a minority. Bug reports generally communicate issues that will be treated in the future. Be aware of that and make them easy to be found, as this will increase their likelihood of being considered further down the line. Label them properly, include them in the proper milestones available and use appropriate keywords to make them appear in the right search results. A bug report that can’t be found in the database does not exist. 
Neutral     | Inspired by the “A” part of the RIMGEA bug advocacy mnemonic by Cem Kaner (“And say it clearly and dispassionately”), the tone of a bug report has to be neutral and impartial. Kaner communicates this perfectly when he says that “Angry, blaming reports discredit the reporter”. Remember – the goal of a bug report is to register an issue in order to get it fixed, not to prove how much of a wise bug hunter you are and how wrong the rest of the world is. 

Take care of your bug reports, make them worthy of a professional tester. At the end of the day, they are one of our main communication opportunities in the testing field. The better your bug reports are, the more you’ll get from them. 