# Testability
1. Define what you believe testability is.
2. Perform some testing on your application, then open your applications log files. Can you find the actions you performed in the logs?  
3. Begin reading a book related to testability and share your learnings by Day 30.  
4. Do you know what your top three customer impacting issues are? How could you find out?  
5. What monitoring system is used for your application? Do the alerts it has configured reflect what you test?  
6. Explore the output of your applications analytics, how can they help guide your testing?  
7. Find out if your application has an operational manual or runbook? How can you test this?  
8. Share a video about testability with your testing peers at your company.  
9. In your next story kick off session ask, ‘how are we going to test this?’ Share the test ideas and techniques that are suggested.  
10. Follow and share three people on LinkedIn/ Twitter who regularly talk about testability.  
11. Get access to your source control and find the active branches for your application. Has anything changed that you didn’t consider?  
12. Decomposability is an important part of testability.  
13. Find out how test data is populated in your system. How could it be improved? You can watch Techniques for Generating and Managing Test Data by Omose Ogala for some ideas to get you started.  
14. Watch the Testability Ask Me Anything on the Dojo. 
15. Share a blog post that you found interesting related to testability. Don’t forget to use the hashtag #30DaysofTesting if you share on Twitter.  
16. Conduct a show and tell of the latest features in your application for staff outside your immediate team. Capture their feedback and share with your team.  
17. Pair with a developer to see if they can improve something that you find difficult or time consuming to test. We have a handy guide from Lisa Crispin on Pairing with Developers: A Guide for Testers that’s worth a read.  
18. Note the top 3 challenges you have while testing and raise them at the team retrospective.  
19. Your dependencies can constrain your testability. 
20. Think about what’s currently stopping you from achieving higher testability. 
21. Unit tests provide insight into an applications testability. Pair with a developer to explore some unit tests.  
22. How long does it take to set up a new test environment and start testing. Could this be faster?  
23. Share an article about application log levels and how they can be applied.  
24. What could you learn about your application’s testability from being on call for support? This eBook could help you get the most out of taking support calls.  
25. Ask your team if there are any areas of the system they fear to change. How could you mitigate that fear?  
26. Relationships with other teams affect testability. 
27. Use source control history to find out which parts of your system change most often. Compare with your regression test coverage.  
28. Pair with an internal user or customer support person and explore your application together.  
29. Do you know which components of your application respond the slowest? How could you find out?  
30. What book did you choose on Day 3 and what did you learn from it?
31. Bonus: Arrange a meeting with your team to take the team testability test over at http://testabilityquestions.com/