1. Define what API testing is 
2. How would you approach API Exploratory Testing?  
3. Begin reading an API testing related book and share something you’ve learnt by day 30.  
4. Share a resource on HTTP and how it works.  
5. Contribute to the list of publicly available APIs over on The Club, that we can utilise to practice API testing.  
6. Read and share an interesting blog post on API testing.  
7. Complete exercise one over at The Club using popular API testing tools such as Postman, SoapUI, and API Fortress.  
8. Explore the API thread on The Club and contribute to the conversations.  
9. Share some tools we can use to discover what API calls our applications are making.  
10. Share your favourite API testing tools and why.  
11. Learn about different types of API’s, share your findings.  
12. Share what skills a team needs to succeed with API testing.  
13. Contribute to the list of API automation tools over on The Club and share your experiences with using them.  
14. Compare and contrast mocking, stubbing, and faking.  
15. Find, use and share your thoughts on a new API testing tool.  
16. Complete exercise two over at The Club using a framework in your prefered language, or a tool with automation capabilities.  
17. Find 5 API testing experts to follow on Twitter.  
18. Share an HTTP Header and explain its purpose.  
19. Find and share a useful video about API testing.  
20. Share all the tools, frameworks, and libraries currently used in your API testing along with why.  
21. Complete exercise three over at The Club using your preferred tools.  
22. Share your biggest frustration with API testing!  
23. Status codes are often misused, share your favourite resources for understanding status codes.  
24. Share the best API bug you’ve found.  
25. Security is important in APIs, how are you security testing your APIs?  
26. Demo some of your API testing to other members of your team.  
27. What advice would you give to someone looking to get started with API testing?  
28. Performance is key to a good API, how are you performance testing your APIs?  
29. Browser developer tools have lots of API testing features, explore them and share your findings. 
30. Complete exercise four over at The Club using your preferred tool, it’s all about data iteration. 
31. Bonus: Sign up for a trial of API Fortress. 