1. Look up some definitions for ʻAutomationʼ, compare them against definitions for ʻTest Automationʼ.  
2. Begin reading an automation related book and share something youʼve learnt by day 30.  
3. Explore the automation thread on The Club and contribute to the conversation.  
4. What types of testing can automation support you with? Share an example.  
5. Find, use and share your thoughts on a web UI testing tool.  
6. Share what skills a team needs to succeed with automation in testing.  
7. How do you choose which tools to use in your testing?  
8. Demo some of your automation to ʻnon-technicalʼ members of your team.  
9. Find, use and share your thoughts on an API testing tool.  
10. Delete an automated check from your current checks and share why you chose the one you deleted.  
11. Compare and contrast mocking, stubbing and faking.  
12. Read and share an interesting blog on Automation.  
13. Share your favourite automation tool and why.  
14. Find 5 automation in testing experts to follow on Twitter. 
15. Find, use and share your thoughts on a JavaScript testing tool 
16. Share the most valuable piece of automation being used by your team.  
17. What advice would you give to someone looking to get started with automation in testing?  
18. Find and share a useful video about automation in testing.  
19. Share a resource on testability along with your thoughts about the topic.  
20. Find a visual way of representing your automated checks e.g. a diagram, heatmap etc.  
21. Try and speed up your automated checks execution time, and share what you tried.  
22. Share your biggest frustration with automation in testing!  
23. Find, use and share your thoughts on a visual testing tool.  
24. Discuss your automation strategy with your team.  
25. Share what actions you take to make your automation maintainable.  
26. Find, use and share your thoughts on a mobile testing tool  
27. Share all the tools, frameworks and libraries currently used in your automation along with why.  
28. Pair with a developer and review some of your existing automation.  
29. Share how you manage test data in your automated checks.  
30. If you could create any test tool, what would that tool do?  
31. Bonus: Create and share a script that generates random data! 