# E-Commerce Testing
1. Look up some definitions for ‘ecommerce’, from these create and share your own definition.  
2. Read and share an interesting blog about ecommerce testing.  
3. Join the #ecommerce channel on https://testers.chat and introduce yourself!  
4. Find and share a useful video on youtube about ecommerce testing.  
5. Identify different types of ecommerce business classifications/models (e.g. Business to Business).  
6. If you were testing a “my cart” webpage, what three test cases would you perform first? Share them!  
7. Name five examples of an ecommerce platform? (e.g. Shopify)  
8. On an ecommerce platform, what monitoring and analytics would implement and why?  
9. Share your three favourite tools for testing ecommerce products on The Club.  
10. An ecommerce system has been launched, you have to do a smoke test. Share what you would test.  
11. Test a “my cart” page from different user persona’s perspectives, share your personas!  
12. Create a mindmap of what ecommerce testing means to you and share it!  
13. Share three testing ideas for an ecommerce website.  
14. Check out #ecommerce on Twitter and see if you can generate some test ideas from this feed.  
15. Name five different online payment methods.  
16. Identify which occasions in the year are busiest for ecommerce websites. How would you prepare for them?  
17. Identify what the most important parts of an ecommerce website are.  
18. What are cookies and how are they commonly used on an ecommerce website?  
19. Learn about performance testing strategies for an ecommerce platform.  
20. Shopping Cart Abandonment: What are some common ways of handling this issue?  
21. Identify alternative ways that we can currently buy products without using a computer.  
22. What are methods of securing ecommerce data? Discuss and share!  
23. What are examples of businesses which are marketplace ecommerce platforms?  
24. Who’s had a high profile public ecommerce failure that you’ve read about in the news? Share it on The Club.  
25. What security concerns do you associate with ecommerce and how would you test them?  
26. Learn about how users are tracked on ecommerce websites/apps. Blog your findings!  
27. How can we use the analytics data from ecommerce sites to help us test?  
28. Identify potential ethical issues with the use of ecommerce data. What are some public examples? 
29. Research and share how Search Engine Optimisation(SEO) and ecommerce work together.  
30. Find 4 different types of credit cards and learn what makes them different - e.g number length.  
31. Bonus: Research job specs for ecommerce testers, identify 3 skills gaps from the criteria that you’d like to develop and create yourself some learning goals to achieve them. 