1. Buy an agile testing related book and share something you’ve learnt by day 30  
2. Create a mindmap, document, diagram or sketchnote about what you think agile testing is  
3. Find a video on YouTube about agile testing, then watch it!  
4. Read the agile manifesto and reflect on the implications for your role  
5. Pair with a developer on a feature  
6. Map out what your exploratory testing looks like, compare it to what other testers do  
7. Find a visual way of representing your tests - e.g. a mind map, diagram, model, etc.  
8. Speak to a developer about a bug you found instead of logging it in the tracking system  
9. Pair with a developer on a code review. Can you identify any risks?  
10. Learn where the application logs are and how to read them  
11. Find out what customers are saying about your product. What did you learn?  
12. What test documentation does your team have? How can you improve it?  
13. Learn to use a tool that your developers use - e.g. an IDE  
14. How can you deliver greater value to your customer?  
15. How can you make your testing processes (more) lean?  
16. What barriers do you feel exist in testing in agile?  
17. Map out your current team structure. How does it compare to other teams?  
18. How can you make testing jobs easier?  
19. How can you make jobs for your team easier?  
20. Investigate what is in your and your team’s tool kit  
21. How are you managing your testing, is it really agile?  
22. Find out what testing is being done by other team members  
23. What agile strategies are there for managing tests? How can you improve yours?  
24. Look for a task that can be automated  
25. What can’t you automate? Communicate that to your team  
26. What does your Test Plan look like, what format do you use?  
27. Look into zero bug tolerance, is this something your team could do?  
28. What learning culture exists in your company? How can you contribute to it?  
29. What columns do you have on your work tracker or kanban board?  
30. What action does your team take on a red build?  
31. BONUS: Debrief your whole team on your last session of testing 