1. Buy or download a performance testing related book and read it by day 30.  
2. Listen to a performance testing podcast.  
3. Find 5 performance testing experts to follow on Twitter.  
4. Share a performance issue you’ve read in the news recently.  
5. Arrange a meeting with your team to talk about your current approach to performance testing.  
6. Think about who are the stakeholders for your performance testing.  
7. Refresh your knowledge of the basics of web application architectures.  
8. Find the top ten slowest API/Database transactions in your application.  
9. Read a performance testing blog and share it with someone.  
10. Explore the difference between load testing and stress testing.  
11. Inspect and document the differences between your production database and your test database. 
12. Design a performance test for your most visited site or called API.  
13. Share a photo of your applications CPU utilisation on production.  
14. Install an open source performance testing tool and familiarise yourself with it.  
15. Watch and then share a video on performance testing.  
16. Compare and contrast performance testing and monitoring.  
17. Explore how easy it would be for you to create data for a 10,000 user performance test on your application.  
18. Research Workload Models and share your findings.  
19. Use a proxy tool to monitor the traffic from a web application.  
20. Explore the difference between causation and correlation.  
21. Share your favourite performance testing tool and why.  
22. Try an online performance testing tool.  
23. Calculate the basic statistics for your response time results.  
24. Do you know what caused the last huge spike in your application’s performance?  
25. Share three benefits of monitoring your application in production.  
26. Explore the differences between your test and production environments, could they impact performance tests?  
27. How do you share your performance testing results with your team?  
28. Design, draw and share your ideal performance dashboard.  
29. Explore how Service Virtualization can assist with performance testing.  
30. Share some potential challenges with performance testing in the mobile/IoT space.  
31. Bonus! Checkout the PerfGuild conference lineup! 