# Security Testing
1. Read a security blog 
2. Select and read a book related to security testing. 
3. Use a security tool - Examples:  ZAP or BurpSuite. 
4. Learn anything about Vulnerability Scanning. 
5. Learn about Threat Modelling (ie like the STRIDE Model). 
6. Explore these sites: Google gruyere; HackYourself First; Ticket Magpie; The BodgeIt store.  
7. Learn one or more things about Penetration testing. 
8. Use a proxy tool to observe web traffic in a web or mobile application. 
9. Discover the process and procedures around Security Auditing. 
10. Read and Learn about Ethical hacking. 
11. Try to figure out the Posture Assessment for an application. 
12. Read about security testing and discuss where it best fits in an SDLC.  
13. Perform a Security analysis for requirements in a story. 
14. Develop a test plan including security tests. 
15. Write and share ideas for security testing via twitter or a blog 
16. Research how to build a Tiger Box. 
17. Research a recent hack/security breach 
18. Learn about Security Headers. 
19. Research Script Kiddies and/or packet monkeys.  
20. Read about DOS/DDOS attacks. Share examples/stories via social media.  
21. Read about network vulnerability and apply it to your tech stack.  
22. Read about System Software Security and apply it to your tech stack. 
23. What are the top 10 security threats of 2016? 
24. Use a suggestion from the OWASP Web Application Security Checklist.  
25. Find and use a mobile security tool. 
26. Compare and contrast, on social media, web and mobile security testing.  
27. How could BYOA (bring your own application) play a part in security?  
28. Share security testing ideas for specific domains  
29. Research security regulations regarding a specific domain.  
30. Discover the difference between White, Grey, and Black Hat Hacking. 
31. BONUS: Take part in a bug bounty. 