# Performance Testing

Performance testing is a non-functional testing technique used to determine how an application will behave under various conditions. The goal is to test its responsiveness and stability in real user situations. Performance testing can be broken down into four types: 

Load testing is the process of putting increasing amounts of simulated demand on your software, application, or website to verify whether or not it can handle what it’s designed to handle. 

Stress testing takes this a step further and is used to gauge how your software will respond at or beyond its peak load. The goal of stress testing is to overload the application on purpose until it breaks by applying both realistic and unrealistic load scenarios. With stress testing, you’ll be able to find the failure point of your piece of software. 

Endurance testing, also known as soak testing, is used to analyze the behavior of an application under a specific amount of simulated load over longer amounts of time. The goal is to understand how your system will behave under sustained use, making it a longer process than load or stress testing (which are designed to end after a few hours). A critical piece of endurance testing is that it helps uncover memory leaks. 

Spike testing is a type of load test used to determine how your software will respond to substantially larger bursts of concurrent user or system activity over varying amounts of time. Ideally, this will help you understand what will happen when the load is suddenly and drastically increased. 