# General Test Techniques



Functional Testing      | Claims Testing            | Domain Testing 
------------------------|---------------------------|---------------
*Test What it can do*   | *Challenge Every Claim*   | *Partition The Data*
1. Identify things that the product can do (functions and subfunctions).    | 1. Identify reference materials that include claims about the product (tacit or explicit). Consider SLAs, EULAs, advertisements, specifications, help text, manuals, etc. | 1. Look for any data processed by the product. Look at outputs as well as inputs.
2. Determine how you’d know if a function was capable of working.   | 2. Analyse individual claims, and clarify vague claims.   | 2. Decide which particular data to test with. Consider things like boundary values, typical values, convenient values, invalid values, or best representatives. 
3. Test each function, one at a time.   | 3. Test each claim about the product.     | 3. Test each claim about the product. 
4. See that each function does what it’s supposed to do and not what it isn’t supposed to do.   | 4. If you’re testing from an explicit specification, expect it and the product to be brought into alignment.      |


User Testing        | Stress Testing            | Risk Testing 
--------------------|---------------------------|--------------
*Involve The Users* | *Overwhelm The Product*   | *Imagine a problem, then look for it*
1. Identify categories and roles of users.  | 1. Look for sub-systems and functions that are vulnerable to being overloaded or “broken” in the presence of challenging data or constrained resources.  | 1. What kinds of problems could the product have? 
2. Determine what each category of user will do (use cases), how they will do it, and what they value.  | 2. Identify data and resources related to those sub-systems and functions.  | 2. Which kinds matter most? Focus on those.
3. Get real user data, or bring real users in to test.  | 3. Select or generate challenging data, or resource constraint conditions to test with: e.g., large or complex data structures, high loads, long test runs, many test cases, low memory conditions. | 3. How would you detect them if they were there?  
4. Otherwise, systematically simulate a user (be careful—it’s easy to think you’re like a user even when you’re not).  | | 4. Make a list of interesting problems and design tests specifically to reveal them. 
5. Powerful user testing is that which involves a variety of users and user roles, not just one.  | | 5. It may help to consult experts, design documentation, past bug reports, or apply risk heuristics.



Flow Testing      | Automatic Checking  | Scenario Testing
------------------|---------------------|------------------
*Do One Thing After Another*    | *Check A Zillion Different Facts* | *Test To A Compelling Story*

1. Perform multiple activities connected end-to-end; for instance, conduct tours through a state model. |  1. Look for or develop tools that can perform a lot of actions and check a lot of things.  | 1. Begin by thinking about everything going on around the product.  
2. on’t reset the system between actions.  | 2. Consider tools that partially automate test coverage.  | 2. Design tests that involve meaningful and complex interactions with the product.  
3. Vary timing and sequencing, and try parallel threads.  | 3. Consider tools that partially automate oracles. | 3. A good scenario test is a compelling story of how someone who matters might do something that matters with the product. 
    | 4. Consider automatic change detectors.  | 
    | 5. Consider automatic test data generators. | 
    | 6. Consider tools that make human testing more powerful.  | 










 






 
  

