# Product Elements Categories

## SFDIPOT (San Francisco Fire Depot) 


### **Structure.** *Everything that comprises the physical product.*
- *Code:* the code structures that comprise the product, from executables to individual routines.  
- *Hardware:* any hardware component that is integral to the product.  
- *Non-executable files:* any files other than multimedia or programs, like text files, sample data, or help files.  
- *Collateral:* anything beyond software and hardware that is also part of the product, such as paper documents, web links and content, packaging, license agreements, etc 

### **Function.** *Everything that the product does.*
- *Application:* any function that defines or distinguishes the product or fulfills core requirements.  
- *Calculation:* any arithmetic function or arithmetic operations embedded in other functions.  
- *Time-related:* time-out settings; periodic events; time zones; business holidays; terms and warranty periods; chronograph functions.  
- *Security-related:* rights of each class of user; protection of data; encryption; front end vs. back end protections; vulnerabilities in sub-systems.  
- *Transformations:* functions that modify or transform something (e.g. setting fonts, inserting clip art, withdrawing money from account).  
- *Startup/Shutdown:* each method and interface for invocation and initialization as well as exiting the product.  
- *Multimedia:* sounds, bitmaps, videos, or any graphical display embedded in the product.  
- *Error Handling:* any functions that detect and recover from errors, including all error messages.  
- *Interactions:* any interactions between functions within the product.  
- *Testability:* any functions provided to help test the product, such as diagnostics, log files, asserts, test menus, etc.  

### **Data.** *Everything that the product processes.*
- *Input/Output:* any data that is processed by the product, and any data that results from that processing.  
- *Pre-set:* any data that is supplied as part of the product, or otherwise built into it, such as prefabricated databases, default values, etc.  
- *Persistent:* any data that is expected to persist over multiple operations. This includes modes or states of the product, such as options settings, view modes, contents of documents, etc.  
- *Sequences/Combinations:* any ordering or permutation of data, e.g. word order, sorted vs. unsorted data, order of tests. 
- *Cardinality:* Numbers of objects or fields may vary (e.g. zero, one, many, max, open limit). Some may have to be unique (e.g. database keys).  
- *Big/Little:* variations in the size and aggregation of data.  
- *Invalid/Noise:* any data or state that is invalid, corrupted, or produced in an uncontrolled or incorrect fashion.  
- *Lifecycle:* transformations over the lifetime of a data entity as it is created, accessed, modified, and deleted. 

### **Interfaces.** *Every conduit by which the product is accessed or expressed.*
- *User Interfaces:* any element that mediates the exchange of data with the user (e.g. displays, buttons, fields, whether physical or virtual).  
- *System Interfaces:* any interface with something other than a user, such as other programs, hard disk, network, etc.  
- *API/SDK:* Any programmatic interfaces or tools intended to allow the development of new applications using this product.  
- *Import/export:* any functions that package data for use by a different product, or interpret data from a different product. 

### **Platform.** *Everything on which the product depends (and that is outside your project).*
- *External Hardware:* hardware components and configurations that are not part of the shipping product, but are required (or optional) for the product to work: systems, servers, memory, keyboards, the Cloud.  
- *External Software:* software components and configurations that are not a part of the shipping product, but are required (or optional) for the product to work: operating systems, concurrently executing applications, drivers, fonts, etc.  
- *Internal Components:* libraries and other components that are embedded in your product but are produced outside your project. 
- *Product Footprint:* The resources in the environment that are used, reserved, or consumed by the product (memory, file handles, etc.) 

### **Operations.** *How the product will be used.*
- *Users:* the attributes of the various kinds of users.  
- *Environment:* the physical environment in which the product operates, including such elements as noise, light, and distractions.  
- *Common Use:* patterns and sequences of input that the product will typically encounter. This varies by user.  
- *Disfavoured Use:* patterns of input produced by ignorant, mistaken, careless or malicious use.  
- *Extreme Use:* challenging patterns and sequences of input that are consistent with the intended use of the product.  

### **Time.** *Any relationship between the product and time.*
- *Input/Output:* when input is provided, when output created, and any timing relationships (delays, intervals, etc.) among them.  
- *Fast/Slow:* testing with “fast” or “slow” input; fastest and slowest; combinations of fast and slow.  
- *Changing Rates:* speeding up and slowing down (spikes, bursts, hangs, bottlenecks, interruptions).  
- *Concurrency:* more than one thing happening at once (multi-user, time-sharing, threads, and semaphores, shared data).  

