# Quality Criteria Categories

## CRUCSSCPID 

### **Capability.** *Can it perform the required functions?*

### **Reliability.** *Will it work well and resist failure in all required situations?*
- *Robustness:* the product continues to function over time without degradation, under reasonable conditions. 
- *Error handling:* the product resists failure in the case of errors, is graceful when it fails, and recovers readily. 
- *Data Integrity:* the data in the system is protected from loss or corruption. 
- *Safety:* the product will not fail in such a way as to harm life or property 

### **Usability.** *How easy is it for a real user to use the product?*
- *Learnability:* the operation of the product can be rapidly mastered by the intended user. 
- *Operability:* the product can be operated with minimum effort and fuss. 
- *Accessibility:* the product meets relevant accessibility standards and works with O/S accessibility features.  

### **Charisma.** *How appealing is the product?*
- *Aesthetics:* the product appeals to the senses. 
- *Uniqueness:* the product is new or special in some way. 
- *Necessity:* the product possesses the capabilities that users expect from it. 
- *Usefulness:* the product solves a problem that matters, and solves it well. 
- *Entrancement:* users get hooked, have fun, are fully engaged when using the product. 
- *Image:* the product projects the desired impression of quality.  

### **Security.** *How well is the product protected against unauthorized use or intrusion?*
- *Authentication:* the ways in which the system verifies that a user is who he says he is. 
- *Authorization:* the rights that are granted to authenticated users at varying privilege levels. 
- *Privacy:* the ways in which customer or employee data is protected from unauthorized people. 
- *Security holes:* the ways in which the system cannot enforce security (e.g. social engineering vulnerabilities) 

### **Scalability.** *How well does the deployment of the product scale up or down?*

### **Compatibility.** *How well does it work with external components & configurations?*
- *Application Compatibility:* the product works in conjunction with other software products. 
- *Operating System Compatibility:* the product works with a particular operating system. 
- *Hardware Compatibility:* the product works with particular hardware components and configurations. 
- *Backward Compatibility:* the products works with earlier versions of itself. 
- *Product Footprint:* the product doesn’t unnecessarily hog memory, storage, or other system resources. 

### **Performance.** *How speedy and responsive is it?*

### **Installability.** *How easily can it be installed onto its target platform(s)?*
- *System requirements:* Does the product recognize if some necessary component is missing or insufficient? 
- *Configuration:* What parts of the system are affected by installation? Where are files and resources stored? 
- *Uninstallation:* When the product is uninstalled, is it removed cleanly? 
- *Upgrades/patches:* Can new modules or versions be added easily? Do they respect the existing configuration? 
- *Administration:* Is installation a process that is handled by special personnel, or on a special schedule?   

### **Development.** *How well can we create, test, and modify it?*
- *Supportability:* How economical will it be to provide support to users of the product? 
- *Testability:* How effectively can the product be tested? 
- *Maintainability:* How economical is it to build, fix or enhance the product? 
- *Portability:* How economical will it be to port or reuse the technology elsewhere? 
- *Localizability:* How economical will it be to adapt the product for other places? 

