## Clarification Questions
- What do you mean by_____? 
- What is your main point? 
- How does _____ relate to _____? 
- Could you put that another way? 
- What do you think is the main issue here? 
- Let me see if I understand you; do you mean_____ or ____? 
- `<name>`, would you summarize in your own words what `<name2>` has said?... `<name2>`, is that what you mean? 
- Could you give me an example? 
- Would this be an example: ___? 
- Could you explain that further? 
- Could you expand on that? 

## Questions About the Initial Question or Issue 
- How can we find out? 
- What does that question assume? 
- Would `<name>` put that differntly? 
- How could someone settle this question? 
- Can we break this question down at all? 
- Is the question clear? do we understand it? 
- Is this question easy/hard to answer? why? 
- Does the question ask us to evaluate something? 
- Do we all agree this is the question? 
- To answer this question, what question would you have to answer first? 
- Is this the same issue as ____? 
- How would _____ put this issue? 
- Why is the question important? 
- Does this question lead to other questions or issues? 

## Assumption probes
- What are you assuming? 
- What is ____ assuming? 
- What could we assume instead? 
- You seem to be assuming _____, do I understand you correctly? 
- All your reasoning depends on the idea that  ____ . Why have you based your reasoning on ____ rather than ____? 
- You seem to be assuming _____. How would you justify taking this for granted? 
- Why would someone mistake this assumption? 

## Reason and Evidence Probes
- What would be an example? 
- How do you know? 
- Why do you think this is true? 
- Do you have any evidence for that? 
- What difference does that make? 
- What are your reasons for saying that? 
- What other information do we need? 
- Could you explain your reasons to us? 
- Are these reasons adequate? 
- Can you explain how you logically got from ___ to ___? 
- Do you see any difficulties with their reasoning here? 
- Why did you say that? 
- What led you to that belief? 
- How does that apply to this case? 
- What would change your mind? 
- But is that good evidence to believe that? 
- Is there a reason to doubt that evidence? 
- Who is in a position to know if that is so? 
- What would you say to someone who said ___? 
- Can someone else give evidence to support that response? 
- By what reasoning did you come to that conclusion? 
- How could we find out whether that is true? 

## Origin or Source Questions
- Where did you get this idea? 
- Do your friends or family feel the same way? 
- Has the media influenced you? 
- Have you always felt this way? 
- What caused you to feel this way? 
- Did you originate this idea or get it from someone else? 

## Implication and Consequences Probes
- What are you implying by that? 
- When you say ___, are you implying ___? 
- But if that happened, what else would happen as a result? Why? 
- What effect would that have? 
- Would that necessarily happen or only probably happen? 
- What is the probability of this result? 
- What is an alternative? 
- If this and this are the case, then what else must also be true? 
- If we say that this is unethical, how about that? 

## Viewpoint Questions
- You seem to be approaching this issue from ___ perspective. Why have you chosen this rather than that perspective? 
- How would other groups/types of people respond? Why? What would influence them? 
- How could you answer that objection that ___ would make? 
- What might someone who believed ___ think? 
- Can/Did anyone see this another way? 
- What would someone who disagrees say? 
- What is an alternative? 
- How are ___ and ___'s ideas alike?/Differnt? 

 